a	(no phonetics)	DET	một

adolescence	/ˌædəˈlɛsəns/	NOUN
The transitional period of physical and psychological development between childhood and maturity.
adorable	/əˈdɔːɹəbəl/	ADJ
Befitting of being adored; cute or loveable.
adore	/pron/	VERB	yêu

begrudgingly	(no phonetics)	ADVERB
In a begrudging manner; in a manner that is envious or reluctant.
beloved	(no phonetics)	ADJ	yêu

darling	(no phonetics)	NOUN	yêu

devious	/ˈdiːvi.əs/	ADJECTIVE
Cunning or deceiving, not straightforward or honest, not frank	Roundabout, circuitous, deviating from the direct or ordinary route
do	(no phonetics)	VERB	thực hiện	làm	làm việc	nào

dog	/dɑɡ/	NOUN
A hot dog.	A mammal, Canis familiaris or Canis lupus familiaris, that has been domesticated for thousands of years, of highly variable appearance due to human breeding.	A man (derived from definition 2).	A male dog, wolf or fox, as opposed to a bitch or vixen.	One of the cones used to divide up a racetrack when training horses.	(almost always in the plural) Foot.	A click or pallet adapted to engage the teeth of a ratchet-wheel, to restrain the back action; a click or pawl. (See also: ratchet, windlass)	A sexually aggressive man (cf. horny).	Someone who is morally reprehensible.	The eighteenth Lenormand card.	(from "dog and bone") Phone or mobile phone.	A flop; a film that performs poorly at the box office.	Any of various mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening something, particularly with a tooth-like projection.	Underdog.	Meat from a dog eaten as food.	Meat prepared to be given to a dog as food.	Any member of the Family Canidae, including domestic dogs, wolves, coyotes, jackals, foxes, and their relatives (extant and extinct); canid.	A coward.	A dull, unattractive girl or woman.	A metal support for logs in a fireplace.	An insult intended to assert hyperbolically that another person has value only as a corpse to be fed to a dog.
dog	/dɑɡ/	VERB
To intentionally restrict one's productivity as employee; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.	To follow in an annoying or harassing way.	To watch, or participate, in sexual activity in a public place.	To criticize.	To divide (a watch) with a comrade.	To fasten a hatch securely.	To pursue with the intent to catch.
famine	/ˈfæmɪn/	NOUN	nạn đói
A period of extreme shortage of food in a region.	Extreme shortage of food in a region.	Starvation or malnutrition.	Severe shortage or lack of something.
freedom	(no phonetics)	NOUN	tự do	quyền tự do

hello	(no phonetics)	NOUN	chào	xin chào

japan	(no phonetics)	NOUN	nhật

love	/lʊv/	NOUN
Alternative letter-case form of Love.	(racquet sports) Zero, no score.	A thing, activity etc which is the object of one's deep liking or enthusiasm.	Strong affection.	Sexual desire; attachment based on sexual attraction.	Sexual activity.	A person who is the object of romantic feelings; a darling, a sweetheart, a beloved.	An instance or episode of being in love; a love affair.	A term of friendly address, regardless of feelings.	A thin silk material.	Used as the closing, before the signature, of a letter, especially between good friends or family members, or by the young.	A climbing plant, Clematis vitalba.
love	/lʊv/	VERB	yêu
	To have sex with (perhaps from make love).	(usually transitive, sometimes intransitive) To care deeply about, to be dedicated to (someone or something).	To praise; commend.	To derive delight from a fact or situation.	(usually transitive, sometimes intransitive, stative) To have a strong affection for (someone or something).	To praise as of value; prize; set a price on.	To need, thrive on.	To be strongly inclined towards something; an emphatic form of like.
lovely	/ˈlʌvli/	ADJ	yêu
	Beautiful; charming; very pleasing in form, looks, tone, or manner.	Loving, filled with love.	Inspiring love or friendship; amiable.	Very nice, wonderful.	Worthy of praise.
lovely	/ˈlʌvli/	ADVERB
In a lovely fashion or manner; beautifully.
lovely	/ˈlʌvli/	NOUN
An attractive, lovely person, especially a (professional) beauty.	Term of fond address.	A lovely object.
nice	(no phonetics)	ADJ	đẹp	tốt đẹp

orgy	/ˈɔː.dʒi/	NOUN
Originally, secret rites or ceremonies, typically involving riotous and dissolute behaviour, including dancing, drunkenness and indiscriminate sexual activity, undertaken in honour of various pagan gods or goddesses (such as Attis, Bacchus, Ceres, Dionysus, Osiris, etc).	Excessive indulgence in a specified activity.	A gathering of people to engage in group sex.
proficient	(no phonetics)	ADJ	thạo

run	(no phonetics)	VERB	khởi chạy

suffer	/ˈsʌfə/	VERB
To become worse.	To allow.	To undergo hardship.	To endure, undergo.	To feel pain.
suicidal	(no phonetics)	ADJ	quyên

suicidal	/ˌs(j)uːɪˈsaɪdl̩/	ADJECTIVE
Pertaining to suicide.	Extremely reckless.	(of a person) Likely to commit, or to attempt to commit, suicide.
suicidal	/ˌs(j)uːɪˈsaɪdl̩/	NOUN
Someone suicidal, someone likely to kill themselves
translucent	/tɹænzˈluː.sənt/	ADJECTIVE
Clear, lucid, or transparent.	Allowing light to pass through, but diffusing it.
walk	(no phonetics)	NOUN	đi bộ

we	/wiː/	PRON	chúng tôi
(personal) The plural form of you, including everyone being addressed.	(personal, often considered patronising) A second- or third-person pronoun for a person in the speaker's care.	(personal) The speaker(s)/writer(s) and the person(s) being addressed. (This is the inclusive we.)	(personal) The speaker/writer alone. (This use of we is the editorial we, used by writers and others, including royalty—the royal we—as a less personal substitute for I. The reflexive case of this sense of we is ourself.)	(personal) The speakers/writers, or the speaker/writer and at least one other person (not the person being addressed). (This is the exclusive we.)
